how you doing it's great to see you I'm
oddly nervous I feel like we're doing a
play we are doing a play neither one of
us have read the lines though and so
it's gonna be a big mess improv your
first time in New York oh gosh a long
time ago I was I think was about 14 Oh
your kid yeah well yeah and I came here
on my own and I was staying with family
friends who I'd known since I was even
younger and I was the token Brit amongst
their American friends they're two
British parents but they've grown up all
their lives in the States where were you
in the city or what I was in the city I
was in upstate New York and then we came
into the city to do things like go and
shop for skateboards and rollerblades
which I was all into and go really yeah
yeah yeah I used to skateboard the
rollerblading is really what stuck in my
mind yeah yeah we move on I don't know
you guys are always the head of kind of
make go not in everything Jimmy's just
an outdoor person honestly don't know
but they were definitely cheaper because
the power was strong oh yeah I just go
to shop if you were here to do discount
sure I was here to basically get a good
deal yeah you know Brits but yeah I had
an amazing time and when you say you had
an amazing time at 14 years old what are
you doing like what's an amazing time
the family rented a place on Fire Island
which is kind of crazy for me it's quite
so that one half is really waspish the
other half is amazing
gay community and both sort of metre odd
conjunctions which is quite yeah but I
just had a budget out of bull mucking
around in sand dunes and skimboarding
and ya doing American stuff who thing
about being an all English American kids
yeah night were you drinking and stuff
like that at that age a little bit maybe
I think my mum's in bed ya know I came
back later and I definitely I had a fun
party time between Doctor Strange and
Sherlock Holmes you have like I think
you have a very focused and rabid fan
base true yes they can't possibly true
yeah how are the fans different in the
United States compared to those in
England not not much anymore you know
there's just there's a huge amount of
energy on both sides of the pond for
these things and
I don't know I mean you guys made a lot
of noise just now that was kind of
extraordinary I've been there you know
it does it happens on the ground you
want to show as well and yeah it does
I'm not gonna it's not a competition
I won't want to side on one side or the
other but you know I think it's we've
become more vocal as an audience we
don't just go well done well done baby I
see yeah there's there's a lot more sort
of involved rowdiness not your wife does
she ever say to you when you tell her
something because if I was your wife a
few words if I were if you were just if
we're on both island together
just think about living on fire what
living in secret on the wasps I'd go out
in the open all right on the border on
the border fence literally is like a
chicken from my memory but if I was your
wife every time you told me something I
already knew I would say no is that a
phrase over in England yeah it is okay
yeah yeah can you do a Brooklyn accent I
know you do a lot of accents and I was
impressed by your Thomas Edison the way
you you I was a Brooklyn accent I need
to hear it okay I'll tell you what
that's pretty close all right I printed
out a yelp review of de fara pizza which
might go Pig Queens I don't know okay
right it's a very famous pizza place
here in Brooklyn and I was wondering if
you would attempt to read it with a
Brooklyn accent if you want to scan
through it first go ahead Borah improv
okay the pie was a masterpiece
the crust was thin but not too thin with
the perfect balance of cheese and sauce
basil was garnished on top no but we
gotta go back it's basil bay fit yeah
[Applause]
thank you wife you're welcome honey
[Laughter]
basil was garnished on top was the
highlight of the pie how basil be the
highlight of her pocket it shouldn't be
oh lordy okay in my humble opinion this
is a classic slice you want to artichoke
duck or pine nuts any pieces get the
[Music]
exclamation mark wasting space in the
line the bulbs
water roaring silence from the brightest
minds of America he's using Hiram's
design
siren stole from me
sue we already did the court upheld his
patent talking about Westinghouse find
an angle take a trip to Barrington and
see for yourself even slightly York that
fifteen years of work is being filled
from right under your eyes
not again I build a system here and you
go shopping for patents to cobble
together something to legally steal what
is mine
if the bulbs are a battle and nail them
on the dynamos it's fun seeing you and
Tom as well that's right because hoax
call my goodness yeah yeah the glassware
always crashing about it's a real super
movie are they those characters Tom
Hollands character that is a real
character a real person it's like the
amalgamated but yeah he did have yes how
do you figure out how to play Thomas
Edison somebody we feel like we know
everything about right we probably don't
know much about a lot of the heavy
lifting is some very great script is
sort of on us the human body there is a
shred of there is a script yeah I like
this
that's a good show ya know there is good
and it's a beautifully honed one and it
was a blacklist script and I just I fell
in love with the challenge of it as well
again at bringing an American icon to
life is quite a big ask for a British
actor so excuse me - for trying in the
first place but it's it's I love a
challenge and yeah you know it's a very
difficult part of his life he was a
fascinating man he's supple a lot of
difficulties in his early life came from
nothing seventh of seven children and
was profoundly deaf and made his own
fortune wasn't really interested in the
money more about the prowess of being
the greatest inventor of all time and
this is a story about him struggling to
fight for DC
direct-current as being the delivery
system it's a lot of fun to learn about
these people whose names we know so well
and also in learnt some of them weren't
he is industrialists and inventors
weren't such nice guys no yeah I mean he
well it's an interesting thing I think
he's in the movie he's incredibly
defensive he alienates himself I think
like I said that biblically has of this
hearing
sometimes he chose not to hear things
and in this he misses a golden
opportunity someone reaches out to be a
friend George Westinghouse played by the
brilliant Michael Shannon who's
extraordinarily good in this and he
wanted to help Edison take his
electricity his light bulb which he
helped invent the incandescent light to
the masses with his alternating current
system and Edison Jessore is a threat
and clamped down dirty tricks were
involved he electrocuted animals with AC
current to try and discredit him and you
know used all the tricks we're seeing
demagogues use now in the political
arena of using fear as a driver for
populist opinion you know and support so
it's a timely film in that sense I'd
yeah one of our leaders is very focused
on light bulbs lately I don't know if
you're aware of that oh yes yes is it
repeating yourself to tell me in front
of the audience no no no you'll have to
move ease the current war director's cut
Benedict Cumberbatch everybody
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh